welcome to my much demanded unboxing of
the Vengeance m60 so this actually is
not my first encounter with first
there's new gaming series mice although
it is one of my first encounters with
what looks like a horrible difficult to
open package that actually I broken is
not difficult to open or horrible at all
so course there has in their infinite
wisdom figured out a way to do a
clamshell plastic package where the
product just comes out like that like
that's easier than like removing Darth
Vader's mask that's awesome incredible
okay so now okay I'm done talking about
how great the packaging is now let's
move on to the product so this is
Corsairs first real entry into the
gaming peripheral all cash shouldn't say
it's their first real entry into the
gaming peripheral space because they do
have their had they're very successful
headsets and very successful speakers
under their belts already but this is
their first crack at a human interface
device so a mouse or keyboard so the m60
K 60 M 90 and K 90 are two series of
products so the 60 series products are
more geared for fps and a little bit
more about why the m60 is for fps and
the 90 series are more for MMO now in
terms of some of the specs they're quite
similar so both the m60 which we have
here and the kasich and the m9 t have a
full unibody aluminum construction so
you can see it does add some weight to
the mouse but personally I prefer
heavier mouse anyway I use a fully
loaded g9 with all of the weight the
weight packs in it at work and I really
do like that so it does make it a little
bit heavy but not unreasonably so and
then you also have adjustable weights
here on the bottom so you can actually
adjust not only the overall weight of
the mouse but also where the weight is
located in the mouse so they both have
the same 5700 DPI sensor unibody design
they've also got the same overall kind
of ergonomic design and feel so the
difference is that the m9 t has
Tata buttons over here whereas the k60
goes for more of a more of an optimized
sort of layout you don't need a ton of
buttons for FPS but what you do need is
your back and forward whether you want
to bind it to grenade throwing or
whatever else the case may be
you need your sensitivity adjustments
which are up here you need a that's nice
Russian was telling me that this mouse
feature the heavy duty scroll wheel and
I can I can definitely see what he means
by that because it has a very distinct
click it has a very good click when
you're actually pressing on it as well
so it is very comfortable to use and
then what they've also added is a
dedicated sniper button so what that
does is allows you to figure out a DPI
that you're more comfortable with when
you're zoomed in really close up to
something so as soon as you scope in
you're gonna want to go ahead press that
button and that's going to dramatically
reduce your sensitivity so you have more
control when you are zoomed in all the
way so as we've come to expect with
Corsair this mouse has hold on I'm just
gonna put it down kind of gently
somewhere so that I don't scratch the
non-slip or non-slip I always call them
non-slip no no intentionally slippery
feet on the bottom of the mouse in terms
of length the cable is just over one
Linus arm span and has a USB termination
which we pretty much we take for granted
these days as we've come to expect from
Corsair we've got a nice rugged braided
cable so that should be more difficult
to get caught on things than a non
braided cable hold on a second what else
we got on here so I just want to make
sure I didn't miss anything here's
something that's cool it actually has
besides an advanced sensor and I've
already used both the m60 and the m9 t
in a real-world scenario really like the
way I tracked some mites regardless of
what kind of a dpi they respect for sort
of feel better than others some feel
more accurate than others I've actually
tried the m9 t already on a variety of
different surfaces including a cloth pad
a hard pad a more textured hard pad as
well as just on the tech tips table over
there on a table cloth and I didn't have
any difficulty with it on any of those
surfaces some in particular you go and
you use it on a cloth pad it feels great
you go and you throw it on
hard Pat like something like I've got an
old SteelSeries SX that's a discontinued
mousepad now but it's my personal
favorite and I've taken mice that
perform great on cloth I've thrown them
on there and it it glides great you know
great aluminum mousepad but the tracking
feels funny like it'll it'll judder
around or it'll it'll kind of not detect
just right what I'm going in a straight
line it'll move in not quite a straight
line drives me absolutely crazy so this
one seems to track very well on a
variety of surfaces in terms of the
slippy feed on the bottom of it we've
got very very good coverage so at the
back on the sides of the back on the
sides at the front so you're pretty much
gonna be covered no matter how you rest
on your mouse speaking of how you vest
on your mouse this is what a lot of
people ask me ever since we did that
ergonomics guide on my NCIX comm channel
what a lot of people ask me is what kind
of a mouse is it is a pom mouse is an
applaud mouse is it a fingertip Mouse
and I'd say if I had to pick one for
these guys this is more of a claw Mouse
although what they've done here at the
back you see this shape right here is
they've created a way that you can
actually kind of palm this Mouse if you
have smaller hands like I do so you see
the way that rests right in my palm
there so I can either rest my palm there
or I can lift up a little bit more and I
can use it as more of a fingertip style
of mouse the buttons have I'd say about
an average travel distance before they
actuate I've had mice that I've used in
the past that I find are more like a
hair-trigger I particularly find that on
Razer mice they tend to be quite
sensitive so you put a little bit of too
much pressure on the right side of the
mouse boom you click all of a sudden I
personally don't have that great fine
control with my fingers for clicking so
I prefer something with a little bit of
a heavier mouse button so bear that in
mind you guys if you're gonna go with
the m60 I'd say it's about average
something that I could use comfortably
but I wouldn't mind if it was a little
bit heavier as well um let me see what
else we got here I don't think you're
missing too much ah yeah the Russians
reminded me that you know what I'll talk
about that after because others
other stuff here's pool so side-mounted
sniper bot and aluminum frame and bass
for improved rigidity and mass
distribution tracking up to 165 inches
per second with up to 30 G's of
acceleration an automatic frame rate
control solid metal weighted scroll
wheel rubber I scroll surface okay so
we've got all of that stuff so far but
what we haven't talked about is the
adjustable lift distance with five
selectable levels to fit your style of
play and the fact that the mouse also
detects when it's being lifted and is
not going to move around
once you've lifted it off the table
which is a very cool feature and
something that can be the bane the
killer of otherwise very legitimate very
good gaming mice is if you run into that
problem where oh I've gone over here I
need to lift it up and it tracks you a
little bit back to the right as you try
to get back to center so you shouldn't
have that problem and I have not had
that problem in using the m60 or rather
the m90 which is the same sensor so in
using the m90 so far so why don't we
just try to have a bit of a close-up
here so you can see it's what it looks
like from the front there's that
aluminum frame so this even though it
doesn't really look like it's connected
anything is actually part of the unibody
design you can see it's joined right
here and then it comes all the way out
here folds up at the back and that is
what supports the palm rest at the back
of the mouse right there it looks kind
of bare bones but like I don't mean okay
I don't mean bare bones it looks kind of
like exposed and like you might sort of
fall fall through the actual covering of
the mouse and it might be uncomfortable
but it's actually not because all the
places where you would normally touch
are covered with their kind of a
non-slip rubberized grip ii coating so
it's actually a little bit more textured
on the sides which is a very nice touch
than it is on the top so on the top it's
quite smooth and on the sides it's got
quite a lot of texture so what actually
here you can you can see my skin
naturally rubbing off on the texture on
the side so what that means is that when
you go to lift the mouse you have with
very minimal pressure on the mouse due
to the curvature of the mouse as well as
due to the texture on the sides very
minimal difficulty holding it up with a
thumb and a pink
finger whereas it also isn't rough on
the top so that's it's not rough on the
top that's good so thank you for
checking out my unboxing of the
Vengeance m60 don't forget to subscribe
- tech tips from our unboxings reviews
and other computer videos and also don't
forget it has user selectable reporting
rate of 125 Hertz 240 here's 500 Hertz
and 1000 Hertz which I pretty much
assumed it had and I assumed you would
know but since it's on the box I might
as well mention it anyway